Document exec.d (#720)
buildpacks/docs: content/docs/for-buildpack-authors/how-to/write-buildpacks/use-exec.d.md

    2. Script Behavior:
    * **Inputs**
        * A third open file descriptor (in addition to stdin and stdout).  The third open file descriptor is inherited from the calling process.
    * **Outputs**
        * Valid TOML describing environment variables in the form of key=value pairs. These variables are added to the application's runtime environment. The content should be written to file descriptor 3 (see examples for how to do this).
        * Exit Code: The scripts should exit with a status code of `0` to indicate success. A non-zero exit code will indicate an error and prevent the application from launching.

## Use Cases:
* Dynamic Configuration: Inject configuration values that are determined at runtime.
* Service Bindings: Configure environment variables based on bound services.

## Implementation Steps:
* Write Scripts: Create executable scripts within the `<layer>/exec.d/` directory.
* Set Permissions: Ensure scripts have the appropriate execute permissions (chmod +x).
* Environment Variables: Use scripts to print `key="value"` pairs to the third open file descriptor.

> ### Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Examples
```

<!--more-->

The [buildpacks `exec.d` interface](https://github.com/buildpacks/spec/blob/main/buildpack.md#execd) allows buildpack authors to execute custom scripts when the application image is executed. This interface can be particularly useful for injecting dynamic behavior or environment variables into the runtime environment of an application.

## Key Points:

    1. Location and Naming: Scripts are placed in the `<layer>/exec.d/` directory within a lunch layer and must be executable. They can have any name.

    2. Script Behavior:

>         * Environment Variables: Scripts can output environment variables in the form of key=value pairs. These variables are added to the application's runtime environment.
>         * File descriptor 3: The output should be directed to file descriptor 3, passed as the first argument to the executable, for environment variable settings. Any other output is ignored.
>         * Exit Code: The scripts should exit with a status code of `0` to indicate success. A non-zero exit code will indicate an error and prevent the application from launching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Inputs**
        * A third open file descriptor (in addition to stdin and stdout).
    * **Outputs**
        * Valid TOML describing environment variables in the form of key=value pairs. These variables are added to the application's runtime environment. The content should be written to file descriptor 3 (see examples for how to do this).
        * Exit Code: The scripts should exit with a status code of `0` to indicate success. A non-zero exit code will indicate an error and prevent the application from launching.
```

## Use Cases:
* Dynamic Configuration: Inject configuration values that are determined at runtime.
* Service Bindings: Configure environment variables based on bound services.

> ## Implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Implementation Steps:
```

* Write Scripts: Create executable scripts within the `<layer>/exec.d/` directory.
* Set Permissions: Ensure scripts have the appropriate execute permissions (chmod +x).

> * Environment Variables: Use scripts to print `key="value"` pairs to the file descriptor passed as the first argument to the executable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Environment Variables: Use scripts to print `key="value"` pairs to the third open file descriptor.
```

### Example

> `exec.d` executables can be written in any language.  We provide examples in bash, Go and Python that inject the `EXAMPLE="test"` into the runtime environment.  It is important that environment variables are written to the open file descriptor passed as the first argument to the `exec.d` binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`exec.d` executables can be written in any language.  We provide examples in bash, Go and Python that inject `EXAMPLE="test"` into the runtime environment.  It is important that environment variables are written to the third open file descriptor.
```

A `bash` example looks as follows:
```bash
#!/bin/bash

# Get the file descriptor from the first argument

> FD=$1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FD=&3
```
I think this is how you would do this in bash? I would need to try it out to be sure

Author: The spec states that the FD is passed as the first argument https://github.com/buildpacks/spec/blob/main/buildpack.md#execd (or am I reading it wrong)?

Reviewer: Hmm... I'm looking at

> 
Input | Description
-- | --
$0 | Absolute path of the executable
†FD 3 | A third open file descriptor

You can ignore the last two lines of the table (`<handle>` and the env var). They are for Windows only.

# Output the environment variable EXAMPLE="test" to the specified file descriptor
echo "EXAMPLE=\"test\"" >&$FD
```

And a `Go` example is:
```Go
package main

import (
	"fmt"
	"os"
)

func main() {
    // Convert the file descriptor argument to an integer
    fd, err := strconv.Atoi(os.Args[1])
    if err != nil {
        fmt.Println("Invalid file descriptor:", os.Args[1])
        return

>     }

Reviewer: I don't think this is used anywhere? The launcher does not actually provide any arguments when invoking exec.d

	// Open file descriptor 3 for writing
	fd3 := os.NewFile(3, "fd3")
	if fd3 == nil {
		fmt.Println("Failed to open file descriptor 3")
		return
	}
	defer fd3.Close()

	// Write the environment variable to file descriptor 3
	_, err := fd3.WriteString(`EXAMPLE="test"\n`)
	if err != nil {
		fmt.Println("Error writing to file descriptor 3:", err)
	}
}
```
Finally, we provide a short Python example:
```Python
import os
import sys

def main(fd):
    # Ensure the provided file descriptor is valid
    try:
        fd = int(fd)
    except ValueError:
        print("Invalid file descriptor", file=sys.stderr)
        return

    # Write the environment variable to the given file descriptor
    os.write(fd, b'EXAMPLE="test"\n')

if __name__ == "__main__":
    if len(sys.argv) != 2:
        print("Usage: python3 output_example.py <file_descriptor>", file=sys.stderr)
        sys.exit(1)

>     main(sys.argv[1])

Reviewer: I think this example needs to be updated also but IDK python so 🤷🏼

    2. Script Behavior:
    * **Inputs**
        * A third open file descriptor (in addition to stdin and stdout).

>         * The third open file descriptor is inherited from the calling process.

Author: Done!
